Updates to internal GitLab Omnibus processes (#3302)
mattermost/docs: source/process/gitlab-process.rst

Testing
----------------

The following steps are taken to test the Mattermost package before each merge request to GitLab Omnibus:

1. Pull the latest master build of GitLab Omnibus, using the `nightly Omnibus packages <https://packages.gitlab.com/gitlab/nightly-builds>`_.

> 2. Update the Mattermost version in `config/softwater/mattermost.rb`.

Reviewer: Where is the Mattermost version found?

Author: @hmhealey Can you help with this one?

Reviewer 2: Do you mean where is it found in the file? I don't know how to style this properly in RST, but at the top of the file, you'll find a section that looks like
```
        name 'mattermost'
        default_version '5.19.0-rc2'

        source url: "https://releases.mattermost.com/#{version}/mattermost-team-#{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz",
               md5: 'fe49d764324334480b296fc6c500b706'
```
You'll want to update the `default_version` and `md5` variables to the new versions.

> 3. Update the version in the GitLab documentation and add a changelog entry.

Reviewer: Version of the documentation itself, or the version found in the documentation - and is it the GitLab version that's being updated?

4. Build GitLab Omnibus.

> 5. Install the generated deb file on a local test server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Install the generated `.deb` file on a local test server.
```

> The following enables the Mattermost team to test the upgrade process and validate the packaging code and OAuth setup which have historically been the main source of issues. Other test areas include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mattermost team then test the upgrade process, and validate the packaging code and OAuth setup which have historically been the main source of issues. Other test areas include:
```

>  - Pre-provisioning OAuth configuration automatically on the Omnibus package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Pre-provisioning OAuth configuration automatically on the Omnibus package.
```

>  - Mattermost ChatOps slash command integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Mattermost ChatOps slash command integration.
```

Testing
----------------

The following steps are taken to test the Mattermost package before each merge request to GitLab Omnibus:

1. Pull the latest master build of GitLab Omnibus, using the `nightly Omnibus packages <https://packages.gitlab.com/gitlab/nightly-builds>`_.
2. Update the Mattermost version in `config/softwater/mattermost.rb`.
3. Update the list of Mattermost versions associated with each GitLab release `in the GitLab documentation <https://docs.gitlab.com/omnibus/gitlab-mattermost/#upgrading-gitlab-mattermost>`_, and add a changelog entry.

> 4. Build GitLab Omnibus.

Reviewer 2: If you want to include a link to the actual build instructions, they're [here](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/omnibus-gitlab/blob/master/doc/build/prepare-build-environment.md), although they require some extra steps.

I have a briefer version with the extra steps [here](https://gist.github.com/hmhealey/b6d3e42a88563ca43f03152e8b86592b#gitlab-omnibus), although they're not exactly detailed

5. Install the generated ``.deb`` file on a local test server.

> The Mattermost team then test the upgrade process, and validate the packaging code and OAuth setup which have historically been the main source of issues. Other test areas include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Mattermost team then tests the upgrade process and validates the packaging code and OAuth setup which have historically been the main source of issues. Other test areas include:
```
